fix: show error when dolphin is missing dlls (#258)
project-slippi/slippi-launcher: FAQ.md

We only support NTSC-U/J 1.02.

> ## Nothing happens when I hit Play/Necessary DLLs are missing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## It says "Required DLLs are missing" when I hit Play!
```
